# Overview of the Repository
This is a repository for Samantha Erne and Amber Kopitke's Project 2 files. 

## Project Overview
For Project 2, we will be creating data visualizations on Tableau for our clients: Mr. Kirk Bogard and his team at the Miami University Farmer School of Business. Our clients would like us to create these data visualizations to generate insights based on past FSB graduate data. For our project specifically, we will be providing data on geographic trends for past FSB graduating seniors. Our clients need these insights to be able to market FSB to potential students and employers, guide students in their job search, and so much more. Without having any data-driven insights to base assumptions on, our clients are unable to make data-driven assertions to show the merit of FSB business programs, and may misunderstand job trends and cause students to have incorrect expectations. Our Tableau visualizations will use maps, dashboards, and charts to show regional trends of FSB graduates in regards to salary, job type, job category based on city, and more. These clear insights will allow our client to better understand past trends of FSB graduates. They will then be able to relay insights about the success of FSB students to employers and potential students, as well as help students better guide their job searches. All of the knlwedge that our dashboards will give our clients will help to improve the success of FSB's graduating students and help our client better promote their outstanding business school to a range of audiences. 

